Hey everyone, my name is Ruben and it's an honor for me to be back with you in this week's Gospel of Mark takeaway.
And we'll be looking at Mark chapter 10.
verse 1 through 16 in today's takeaway study. This past weekend our pastor talked about a very difficult topic.
It was a topic about divorce and such a hard thing to speak about. We'll be looking at verses 13 through 16 if you have your Bible handy. And I'm sure
I'm sure you probably have some connection to somebody, if not maybe even yourself, who have gone through a family breakup.
Maybe as you heard this past weekend's message, it brought back to memory a pain that you're currently going through.
Or maybe a pain that you have gone through in your past.
Or maybe one that you're anticipating because
Because you're going through some
a trial or crisis that you're thinking in the future, well, how are things going to go? You see, the truth is divorce,
can affect any of us. Divorce maybe has affected some of you. And as we talk about today, I just want to remind you it may be hard.
and as we go through today's study, i believe that the section of scripture that we're gonna focus on is for everyone, whether you've gone through a divorce or whether you haven't gone through a divorce.
through a divorce. Today's topic, today's takeaway is for you. And so if you have your Bibles, we're going to look at Mark chapter 10. We're going to focus on verse 13.
Here's what the Bible says.
People were bringing the little children to Jesus for him to place his hands on them. But the disciples rebuked them, and when Jesus saw this, he was indigent, and he said to them,
them.
"'Let the little children come to me, and do not hinder them, for the kingdom of God belongs to such as these. Truly I tell you, anyone who will not receive the
Receive the kingdom of God forever.
Like a little child will never enter it.
And he took the children in his arms, placed them in his hands, and on them, and he blessed them.
So the question is, why do you think the disciples were keeping the children away from Jesus? And I can just imagine the scene. Jesus sitting and
and doing the ministry with the disciples and the people that were coming to them and people bringing their kids. And in that time, the disciples were trying to be respectful
of Jesus's moment. And so they were taking those children away. And in that time, children didn't have that same feeling like we might have today now if a child
If a child passed through this recording, we would say, oh, what a cute child. But in that moment, they were saying, no, let's deal with the real issues at hand. And Jesus desired to really make a
make a point of this moment. He desired to really do something counter-cultural to teach the disciples the value of childlike faith. And that's what we're going to try to do.
we're going to talk about today because the truth is, is that Jesus also created a second point for us. He said, "For such is the kingdom of heaven for these."
For these.
And that's what I wanted to draw your attention to today because childlike faith, that ability to trust Jesus, that ability to say and come to
come to Jesus and their time and our time of need or in our time of greatest trouble or distress is what he wanted to illustrate to the disciples.
disciples.
And maybe even what he wants to illustrate to you today. Because when we talk about issues like divorce,
And it strikes our heart.
we often want to say let's not talk about those things.
Let's ignore that area of our life. Let's just keep moving because it's
Just too painful.
But when we take this
lesson for ourselves and say I want to have
faith like a child. I want to have that
humility like a child. I want to have that
confidence like a child that runs into Jesus's arms just like here in this section in the book of Mark.
This is how we ought to apply the rest of our lives.
You see, wouldn't it be nice to trust Jesus like a child?
Even in every dark moment of our life.
The truth is is that we all have pains that grow us up
What do I mean?
I mean, it's like it takes that childlike faction of our heart.
It makes us think like a quote unquote adult or a mature person.
It's almost as if our pains have caused us to grow up.
Too fast.
We're now, instead of us waiting for what might happen next,
We say, well, we know, we know how that person is going to act. And so we're just not going to go there or we know what that person might do. And so we're going to
And we're going to just predict the future for ourself and not take risks or not risks.
Have faith or not just try again.
And today, I want to remind you that Jesus wants us
To trust him.
With every part of our life.
With every part of our heart.
He wants us to take our hurts that have caused us to grow up and place them
Back in his hand.
and trust him all the way through the journey from A to Z. He wants us to come to him like a little child. The Bible says in the book of 2 Corinthians 5:1-1,
High verse 7 is that verse 10
We walk by faith, not by sight.
In the midst of our pain, we tend to predict
What we think to protect our own hearts
But today, God may be calling you to...
Be reminded
That we are to walk by faith.
We don't have everything figured out.
We don't have life kind of all wrapped up in a nice neat package.
we all bring our hurts to the table, we all bring our pains to the table, we all bring this past this history.
And we can even call it a testimony because God's changing us.
And that's where we bring our testimonies today.
To the table.
To his feet.
To the foot of the cross
We can trust him that he's going to help put our broken,
are broken pieces back together. And so today, as you think about your times and your groups,
I want to ask you two questions. The first is, do you have a pain?
In your past,
that has caused you to grow up in faith and prevented you from approaching Jesus like a child.
Do you have a pain in your past that has caused you to grow up?
preventing you from coming to Jesus like a child. Maybe think through that question and ask yourself,
Well, is this something I could take to him fresh today? That second question is, what would it take for you to trust him again with childlike faith?
You know, I want to take a moment and pray and really pray a prayer of blessing over you because these pains sometimes tend to be things that we protect so much that we just don't.
don't want to talk about them. And so if you would bow with me, let's whisper a word of prayer together. God, I thank you for each person that will watch this video.
And that is watching this video right now.
And I pray, God, that you would help
Us all.
To take even the most sensitive parts of our heart
and give them back to you. God, we want to be like kids. We want to approach you with childlike faith. We want to come to you with all of our joys as well as our sorrows in action.
and ask for your help. And so God, I pray.
That you would allow this group time to be healing
and ask people that sit around tables and talk, i pray god that whether they have a divorce in their history or a bankruptcy or a failed relationship.
some pain, whatever it might be, God, I pray that you would provide healing.
And allow them to take one step closer.
To trust in you again.
and to trust into trusting others in their life again. Help us God to become closer.
To you,
And to those that we are together in these groups with,
and our families and our friends. And we pray this trusting you in Jesus' name.
Amen.
Thank you for listening today. Thank you for allowing me to pray for you. God bless you.